were perhaps used by the priests
doing the sacrifice. On the south-
western corner there is a covered
drain attached to the pit running
west perhaps for the drainage of
water and blood of the animals.
Presently the pit has a depth of 60
cm. The upper courses have been
robbed. The working level of the
pit is the bottom of the drain. The
pit was found containing bones of
bovines and antler. No ash or
charcoal was found inside the pit.
The bones have cut marks. To the
south of the altar there was a
platform on brick-on-edge roughly
measuring 12 x 10 m. There was
an ash pit outside the sacrificial
pit. This has some ritualistic
purpose. In the east there is a
drain running east-west bisecting
the platform of brick-on-edge. It is
20 m. long and .60 m. wide and
covered. Towards east there was